Pytesseract: Python-tesseract is an optical character recognition (OCR) tool for python. That is, it will recognize and “read” the text embedded in images.
		Python-tesseract is a wrapper for Google’s Tesseract-OCR Engine. It is also useful as a stand-alone invocation script to tesseract, as it can read all image 
		types supported by the Pillow and Leptonica imaging libraries, including jpeg, png, gif, bmp, tiff, and others.
		 Additionally, if used as a script, Python-tesseract will print the recognized text instead of writing it to a file.
	Fuctions of pytesseract:
				get_languages: Returns all currently supported languages by Tesseract OCR.
				get_tesseract_version :Returns the Tesseract version installed in the system.
				image_to_string :Returns unmodified output as string from Tesseract OCR processing
				image_to_boxes :Returns result containing recognized characters and their box boundaries
				image_to_data: Returns result containing box boundaries, confidences, and other information. Requires Tesseract 3.05+. For more information, please check the Tesseract TSV documentation
				image_to_osd :Returns result containing information about orientation and script detection.
				image_to_alto_xml :Returns result in the form of Tesseract’s ALTO XML format.
				run_and_get_output :Returns the raw output from Tesseract OCR. Gives a bit more control over the parameters that are sent to tesseract.
	Parameters: 
			image Object or String - PIL Image/NumPy array or file path of the image to be processed by Tesseract. If you pass object instead of file path, 
						pytesseract will implicitly convert the image to RGB mode.
			lang String - Tesseract language code string. Defaults to eng if not specified! Example for multiple languages: lang='eng+fra'

googletrans: Googletrans is a free and unlimited python library that implemented Google Translate API. Python googletrans is a module to translate text. 
		It uses the Google Translate Ajax API(application programming interface) to detect langauges and translate text.

		Compatible with Python 3.6+.
		We import the Translator, which is used to do translations.

gTTS: gTTS (Google Text-to-Speech), a Python library and CLI tool to interface with Google Translate's text-to-speech API.
	parameters: text (string) – The text to be read.
			lang (string, optional) – The language (IETF language tag) to read the text in. Default is en.
			slow (bool, optional) – Reads text more slowly. Defaults to False.

OS: 	This module provides a portable way of using operating system dependent functionality.

PIL(Python Imaging Library): The Python Imaging Library adds image processing capabilities to your Python interpreter.
				This library provides extensive file format support, an efficient internal representation, and fairly powerful image processing capabilities.

Image Module: The module also provides a number of factory functions, including functions to load images from files, and to create new images.
		this function identifies the file, but the file remains open and the actual image data is not read from the file until you 
		try to process the data (or call the load() method).
		Returns an Image object